<!-- Day 11-15 -->

# Day 11-15 

## Day 11

- Practicing more and more.

Tweet Link: https://twitter.com/RohailA93794599/status/1509578940637134855?t=S0bGW6EJurWiPGMn2WevRg&s=19

## Day 12

Today i just practiced a little bit on previous topics.

I was on outing with mu cousins and I enjoyed a lot but also missed my work today.

Tomorrow i will try my best to recover the previous topics, after that i will proceed to the next topics.

Tweet link : https://twitter.com/RohailA93794599/status/1509945812423479305?t=jJmvDtlhJtJtAXdSUMcpTw&s=19

## Day 13

Today just practiced on previous topics and make a card which changes the data onClick.

If you just watch videos and don't do practice on hands then you can't learn the topic, you will just waste your time. The most important thing while doing coding you have to do practice on your own.

Props, State and setState were easy for me to learn but useState Hook was a difficult task for me. With the help of practice and more practice and also with my own research i learned that as well. I am feeling very comfortable now LOL 😂😂


## Day 14-15

I have learned the previous modules pretty much and made a card using react which change the data by clicking the button and also by clicking the heading paragraph

I connect the input with the heading and applied an event handler which handle the data and show the same data as you change the data in input.

I learned the base features and syntax which consists of different topics like props, State, setState, useState, lists and Keys, Outputting Dynamic Content, Two Way Binding, Adding Styling etc.

Now I will go for the next module and will update you daily.

Whoever reading this, I just wanna say to them "Thanks everyone out there Who are reading this and God bless you all with good health"
Happy Coding

Regards: Rohail Ahmad